[Music]
Hey how's it going Dave 2d here this is
the third and last CES video that I'm
gonna do this year and again apologies
for the non normal image quality being
shot on a phone checked out the Asus
event they didn't have any amazing
laptops I mean they had some refreshes
and stuff but nothing that was like
really amped up about but they did have
this really cool bezel remover thing so
for triple monitor setups you know you
can normally see the bezels in between
each monitor now they have these plastic
bars that serve as lenses to basically
hide those bezels and it's actually very
effective you didn't think that
something that was just a piece of
plastic could look this good but they
put them on and it actually looks like a
bezel free display there's a little bit
of distortion from the plastic lens but
it actually looks quite good and it's
weird how inexpensive this thing's going
to be because it's just a piece of
plastic and how effective it is they
also have this external GPU that looks
really slim and sleek it's just like a
very narrow box for what external GPUs
often are but the thing that made this
thing special was its price tag this
thing's going for 330 bucks and it's
actually one of the better-looking
external GPUs out there so I think
that's gonna be cool now in regards to
laptops there were two laptops that
stood out at CES for me the first is
actually an XPS 15 to one so it's not
replacing their regular XPS 15 they're
still gonna have those but this is the
first tuned one that they've had for the
XPS 15 lineup here's the thing when I
first heard about this thing when I
first saw the press release I wasn't
impressed because I'm not a big user of
tune one devices that are big like a
15-inch two and one device is gonna be
big and when it's in tablet form I
thought it would be pretty uncomfortable
to hold and just not a great device for
me personally so I'm gonna check this
thing out with not particularly high
hopes but this thing is awesome it's not
great as a tablet it's still not gonna
be a comfortable thing to hold but this
is excellent as a laptop and really
really good in like presentation or tent
mode it has this Maglev keyboard that
uses magnets to keep the keyboard really
thin so this thing only has a zero point
seven millimeter key travel which is
really really shallow and you'd expect
something with that short key travel to
feel crappy but it doesn't at all it's
not the best keyboard certainly not but
when you type on this thing it actually
feels like a one two a one point two
millimeter key travel it feels really
nice it also has lots of use bc ports
with four lane Thun well three support
finally which is great the microSD slot
a bit of a buzzkill I feel like on a
device like this that's obviously geared
towards creatives it's weird to put a
microSD instead of a regular SD slot
it has pen support and because the whole
XPS lineup tends to have a stiffer hinge
you can just write on it without the
screen wobbling too much now I was only
able to test it in 3d paint which isn't
the most optimized program the thin
strokes we're fine there's no latency
it's actually felt really good but the
thicker strokes with more complex
textures and just bigger brushes had
some lag to it they're running the new
Intel chips that have the 8th gen CPU
combined with the Radeon Vega MG views
it's pretty cool I think that those will
have performance similar to a 1050 1050
Ti I'm not sure exactly that we weren't
able to benchmark it but I'm excited to
test that thing and I think one of the
big advantages of this thing is thermals
like the way that they've designed and
engineered this chip should definitely
help with thermal output so overall it's
a pretty cool device I have to test this
thing more thoroughly to really give a
final opinion on it but I think it
should be pretty good they also have
this Thunderbolt 3 external drive which
is I mean it's a really really fast
drive for people that need it there
aren't that many options out there for a
Thunderbolt 3 external SSD so it's nice
to see them in the game the last booth
I've got to check out was LG and they
have a couple monitors that are pretty
neat I mean the one that stands out for
me is the 4k Thunderbolt 3 capable one
so now you're able to connect two
displays daisy-chained to a single
MacBook Pro which is pretty neat they
also have a 5k widescreen panel that
isn't curved and also uses Thunderbolt 3
so you can have that single cable set up
which is nice now the star of the show
was this thing the new LG grant so if
you follow my channel from earlier I did
one of the early reviews of the original
LG grant 14 is such a cool idea like a
super super thin laptop super
lightweight laptop but I hated it I felt
like the thermals were bad the build
quality was poor it just wasn't a good
product and this was like what 2015-2016
they've improved on a year upon year and
it's gotten really good but this
iteration is freaking amazing so I feel
like they changed so much on this thing
and basically listened to everybody who
had anything to complain about the LG
gram and made it what people wanted it's
still the same kind of design but they
improved on the build quality again and
this time and it feels extra tanky so
this has actually been certified by the
US Department of
defense was something that and it's
surprising to see a device this thin and
this light with that kind of
certification it also has a 72 watt hour
battery just to put this into
perspective XPS 13 Rays would stealth
those have batteries in the 60 watt hour
range just like the previous LG Gramm
but this new one is 72 watt hours I'm
just quick math it's like like 20 25
percent better that's a significant
improvement in battery life it has
Thunderbolt 3 support although I'm not
sure if it's 2 or 4 Lane they've
improved the webcam location like
instead of being in the middle and the
hinge looking up your nose it's now at
the top and the mark traditional spot
they have slightly better speakers they
have a better location for the
fingerprint sensor and they now have to
drive bays inside so for people that
want extra storage you now have that
option visually it doesn't look that
different but in the short amount of
time I got to spend with it I think it's
gonna be a great laptop I think it's a
significant improvement from the
previous generation ok last video at CES
hope you guys enjoyed them thumbs we
liked it subs you loved it
we'll see you guys next time